# Grading Guide**1) What is a Bitcoin Proof-Of-Work and how does it protect the Bitcoin network from hackers? [4 points]**- **[2 points] for the description of what a Bitcoin Proof-Of-Work**  - The answer should mention that a proof-of-work is easy to verify, but difficult (costly or time-consuming) to create.  The answer should also mention that Bitcoin uses the Hashcash proof-of-work or explain that the Bitcoin proof-of-work involves brute force processing power. A good answer might mention that the proof-of-work difficulty is adjustable.- **[2 points] for an explanation of how it protects the Bitcoin network**  - The answer should say something about how a proof-of-work is a vote in a peer-to-peer network for a blockchain and that the network relies on the idea that no attacker could control the majority of the network's processing power.  A good answer would point out that the there are incentives that aim to encourage a majority of the peers to be honest.  A good answer would also mention that since the blockchain consists of a series of proof-of-works, it becomes exponentially harder for an attacker to undo transactions.Proof-Of-Work Reference: [https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/Proof_of_work](https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/Proof_of_work)**2) Why would it be essentially pointless to mine Bitcoins on a CPU (vs a GPU, FPGA array, or ASIC mining setup). [3 points]**The answer should say something about the potential hash rates of each mining setup and how CPU rigs are dwarfed in comparison to other setups.  Another angle might include some sort of cost analysis for the price/consumption of electricity for each setup and the break even points for mining payouts.  Good answers will also consider the rapid increase in mining difficulty as the value of bitcoins rise.**3) What is your crazy theory on the identity of Satoshi Nakamoto? [1 point]**Really almost anything goes here.  As long as the submitter wrote something relatively coherent the point is awarded.